---
title: 'Introduction'
description: 'Learn how to install Rose, troubleshoot common issues and perform manipulations such as adding custom skins or customizing your client.'
---

::warning
This documentation is still a work in progress. Expect frequent updates and changes, or missing information. You can always join the [Discord server](https://discord.gg/Cj85n9tvzU) to ask questions or report issues.
::

Rose is an open-source automatic skin changer for League of Legends that enables seamless access to all skins in the game. The application **runs silently in the system tray** and **automatically detects skin** selections during champion select, injecting the chosen skin when the game loads.

Rose is built on [Pengu Loader](https://github.com/Tariolle/ROSE-Pengu), a plugin system that injects JavaScript plugins into the League Client, enabling enhanced UI interactions and quick skin detection.

::accordion

::accordion-item{label="Is Rose free to use?"}
Yes. Rose is completely free to use and even is an open-source project. Meaning you can inspect all the code or contribute to the project.
::

::accordion-item{label="Can I be banned for using Rose?"}
Short answer is no. Rose is not a cheat nor a hack, and it does not modify any game files, as well as being compatible with the Vanguard anticheat. It works by injecting JavaScript code into the game, which is not detected. However, you are responsible of the assets you download and add to your League client.
::

::accordion-item{label="Is there a Rose community/support?"}
Rose has a [dedicated Discord server](https://discord.gg/Cj85n9tvzU) where you can ask questions, share ideas and discuss the project.
::

::accordion-item{label="How can I report a bug?"}
You can report bugs on the [GitHub issues page](https://github.com/Tariolle/ROSE-Pengu/issues).
::
